feat(FEEL): adjust lifecycle events to match conventions (#294)
bpmn-io/properties-panel: CHANGELOG.md

___Note:__ Yet to be released changes appear here._

> * `FEAT`: improve FEEL popup lifecycle events:

Reviewer: We could consider to make this less verbose, and simply link to the (comprehensive) PR description. We want to link to a PR anyway.

  - `feelPopup.open` - fired before the popup is mounted

>   - `feelPopup.opened` - fired before the popup is unmounted. Event context contains the DOM node of the popup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `feelPopup.opened` - fired after the popup is mounted. Event context contains the DOM node of the popup
```

Reviewer 2: Or remove it from the changelog as @nikku suggested.

Author: Good catch. I'll remove it from the changelog and paste it into the description of this PR
